README.md, before:

# Spirit Island Tracker

**Access the tool at [https://lndrchan.github.io/spirit-island-tracker/](https://lndrchan.github.io/spirit-island-tracker/)**

Welcome to Spirit Island Tracker. This is a webapp created to replace the invader board for Spirit Island, to reduce the amount of setup needed when playing the board game. Currently under development. 

# Limitations

This tool does not cover all aspects of the game (yet). **DO NOT USE THIS TOOL** if you are playing a game including any of the following: 

- Actions that would place 2 Invader Cards in the same slot
    - Russia Level 5 or above
    - Habsburg Mining Expedition Level 4 or above
- Use scenarios at your own discretion. Any scenarios that change the Invader Board setup are generally not supported.
- Vertical screens are not supported. Please use a sufficiently sized horizontal screen (laptops, tablets etc.) and adjust text size as needed. 
- **If you would like to see a feature added or report a broken feature, please consider sending feedback with the 'Bug Reports and Feature Suggestions' button under the 'Credits and Feedback' menu.**


# Features

### Turn Tracking
Turns are automatically tracked and advanced with a single button press. The indicator pane updates depending on what phase is coming next, including dynamically displayed invader actions and adversary-specific actions. 

### Fear Tracking
No more being confused between earned fear tokens and fear pool tokens. Fears are now generated with a single button! Amount of fear tokens earned and fear cards earned are dynamically displayed on the left pane, and resolved when the turn tracker reaches the fear card phase. 

### Card Drawing
Shuffled fear decks or event decks for a setup just to lose to England 6 after 10 minutes? Not to worry! With Spirit Island Tracker, fear cards and event cards are automatically drawn when the corresponding phases have been reached. Also includes an option to redraw if you want to cheat a little bit (under development). 

### Special Actions (*Under Development*)
Actions that influence the setup of the invader board (e.g. England 6, Fractured Days) will be supported via a dedicated menu accessed via a single click.

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and detail
Updated README to clarify limitations and enhance descriptions.

README.md, after:

# Spirit Island Tracker

**Access the tool at [https://lndrchan.github.io/spirit-island-tracker/](https://lndrchan.github.io/spirit-island-tracker/)**

Welcome to Spirit Island Tracker. This is a webapp created to replace the invader board for Spirit Island, to reduce the amount of setup needed when playing the board game. 

# Limitations

This tool does not cover all aspects of the game (yet). **Please read about the following limitations carefully before using this tool.**

- Certain Adversary Levels are not supported.
    - France Level 3 or above
    - Russia Level 5 or above
    - Habsburg Mining Expedition Level 4 or above
- Games with two Adversaries are not supported. 
- Use scenarios at your own discretion. Any scenarios that change the Invader Board setup are generally not supported.
- Vertical screens are not supported. Please use a sufficiently sized horizontal screen (laptops, tablets etc.) and adjust text size as needed. 
- **If you would like to see a feature added or report a broken feature, please consider sending feedback with the 'Bug Reports and Feature Suggestions' button under the 'Credits and Feedback' menu.**


# Features

### Turn Tracking
Turns are automatically tracked and advanced with a single button press. The indicator pane updates depending on what phase is coming next, including dynamically displayed invader actions and adversary-specific actions. 

### Fear Tracking
No more being confused between earned fear tokens and fear pool tokens. Fears are now generated with a single button! Amount of fear tokens earned and fear cards earned are dynamically displayed on the left pane, and resolved when the turn tracker reaches the fear card phase. 

### Card Drawing
Shuffled fear decks or event decks for a setup just to lose to England 6 after 10 minutes? Not to worry! With Spirit Island Tracker, fear cards and event cards are automatically drawn when the corresponding phases have been reached. Also includes an option to redraw if you encounter a card not currently supported by the tool, or if you just want to cheat a little bit. 

### Special Actions (*Under Development*)
Actions that influence the setup of the invader board (e.g. England 6, Fractured Days) will be supported via a dedicated menu accessed via a single click.
